There are many ways to lose a lot of weight fast. However, most of them will make you hungry and unsatisfied.

First of all the question is  how to manage your Weight....

At Vitallife, we believe that weight management is critical to health, vitality, logevity and positive self-image. We don’t believe in dieting, we believe in building healthy lifestyles.Our approach to weight management is to customize a program specific to your genotype, lifestyle and body type. We have specialists in nutrition, exercise, hormones, detoxification and supplementation that can develop a personalized plan to help you lose weight and maintain a healthy weight for life.
Vitallife doctors specialize in designing personalized weight management programs designed to help you achieve your ideal body weight.
Weight management is not dieting. It is about consciously managing lifestyle. Managing weight requires a holistic approach that requires understanding genetics, food consumption habits, digestive function, stress levels and exercise routines. Managing weight for long-term health does not require a diet, it requires a plan.
At some point and time, all of us have struggled with weight issues. Paradoxically, our society is obsessed with body perfection and food. It’s easy to get trapped into thinking that dieting is the solution to our weight problem when in fact the solution is weight management.

Methods for lossing weight fast...

1. Drink Water, Especially Before Meals.
2. Eat Eggs For Breakfast.
3. Drink Coffee (Preferably Black) and green tea.
4. Cut Back on Added Sugar.
5. Exercise Portion Control or Count Calories.
6. Do Aerobic Exercise .
7. Don't Do Sugary Drinks, Including Soda and Fruit Juice.
8. Lift Weights 3 Times Per Week.

Benifits...

1. Health Benefits (Like Decreased risk of diabetes ,heart disease ;lowered blood pressure;improved cholesterol levels ;decreased risk of certain cancers etc..)
2. Lifestyle Benefits(Like More active social life;greater confidence;better sleepp;improved energy etc..)
3. Social Benefits

If you decide that there are significant reasons for you to lose weight, then there's no time like the present to start your weight loss journey. Your first step should be to set a reasonable goal. Then make small changes to your daily routine and eating habits.