Maintaining a healthy diet during pregnancy is very important.During this time, your body needs additional nutrients, vitamins and minerals.
In fact, you may need 350–500 extra calories each day during the second and third trimesters during pregnancy.Here are some tips which every women should follow:

Tips:
1.Dairy products, especially yogurt, are a great choice for pregnant women. They help you meet increased protein and calcium needs.
2.Legumes are great sources of folate, fiber and many other nutrients. Folate is a very important nutrient during pregnancy and may reduce the risk of some birth defects and diseases.
3.Sweet potatoes are an excellent source of beta-carotene, which your body transforms into vitamin A. Vitamin A is important for the growth and differentiation of cells in your growing fetus.
4.Salmon contains the essential omega-3 fatty acids EPA and DHA, which are important for brain and eye development in your growing baby. It’s also a natural source of vitamin D.
5.Whole eggs are incredibly nutritious and a great way to increase your overall nutrient intake. They also contain choline, an essential nutrient for brain health and development.
6.Broccoli and leafy greens contain most of the nutrients that pregnant women need. They’re also rich in fiber, which may help prevent or treat constipation.
7.Lean meat is a good source of high-quality protein. Beef and pork are also rich in iron, choline and B vitamins, all of which are important nutrients during pregnancy.
8.A single serving (one tablespoon or 15 ml) of fish liver oil provides more than the required amount of omega-3 fatty acids, vitamin D and vitamin A.
9.Berries contain water, carbs, vitamin C, fiber, vitamins, antioxidants and plant compounds. They may help pregnant women increase their nutrient and water intake.
10.Whole grains are packed with fiber, vitamins and plant compounds. They’re also rich in B vitamins, fiber and magnesium — all of which pregnant women need.
11.Avocados contain high amounts of monounsaturated fatty acids, fiber, folate and potassium. They may help improve fetal health and relieve leg cramps that are common in pregnant women.
12.Dried fruit may be highly beneficial for pregnant women since they are small and nutrient-dense. 
13.Drinking water is important as your blood volume increases during pregnancy. Adequate hydration may also help prevent constipation and urinary tract infections.