Even though there are many common ways to live a healthy lifestyle, actually doing it looks different for everyone, and means something different 
from one person to the next.   

Tips:

  a.  Eat three meals a day (breakfast, lunch, and dinner); it is important to remember that dinner does not have to be the largest meal.
  b.  Choose lean meats, poultry, fish, beans, eggs, and nuts and  low in saturated fats, trans fats, cholesterol, salt (sodium), and added sugars.
  c.  Avoid sodas and sugar-enhanced drinks because of the excessive calories in the sodas and sugar drinks; diet drinks may not be a good 
      choice as they make some people hungrier and increase food consumption;heavy meals in the summer months, especially during hot days:Avoid
      eating raw or undercooked meats of any type.
  d.  Regular exercise can prevent and reverse age-related decreases in muscle mass and strength, improve balance, flexibility, and endurance,
      and decrease the risk of falls in the elderly. Regular exercise can help prevent coronary heart disease, stroke, diabetes, obesity, and  
      high blood pressure. Regular, weight-bearing exercise can also help prevent osteoporosis by building bone strength.
  e.  Get enough sleep daily; the CDC recommends the following by age group (naps inclusive); 12-18 hours from birth to 2 months, 14-15 hours 
      from 3-11 months of age,12-18 hours for 1-3 years of age, 11-13 hours for 3-5 years of age, 10-11 hours for 5-10 years of age, eight and
      a half to nine and a half hours for 10-17 years of age and those 18 and above need seven to nine hours of sleep. Elderly people need about 
      seven to nine hours but do not sleep as deeply and may awaken at night or wake early, so naps (like kids need) allow them to accumulate the 
      total of seven to nine hours of sleep.

Tips for special situations:

  a.  People with diabetes should use the above tips and monitor their glucose levels as directed; try to keep the daily blood glucose levels as 
      close to normal as possible.
  b.  People with unusual work schedules (night shifts, college students, military) should try to adhere to a breakfast, lunch, and dinner
      routine with minimal             snacking.
  c.  people must avoid Tobbaco,alchohol,high-risk sexual behaviors,Smoking in bed,high-risk behaviours(like:drink and drive,Use helmets while  
      riding bicycles and motorcycles,Driving while using cell phones, texting, or performing other tasks etc.)
